{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 // brian foster game level design 1 fl15\
story of my level\
//this is the level towards the end of the game where the final battle takes place.\
this is scrubland, hilly with short trees and shrubs. ravines, cliffs, and caves exist with a fair amount of regularity. the overall color palette is greens, not browns or tan, though there is some. there are pools of water at the end of temporary streams(when it rains). this is cattle country, nothing special. \
	there is a farm house and several other buildings, a bunk house, two barns, and a treehouse for the kids. this farm is for open range cattle farming. there might be chickens. a few cats.\
	when the player arrives it has been 3 weeks since the solar flare that caused all the nastiness. because this family didn\'92t get flu shots, they\'92re all intact. some of their city relatives have shown up to live and work and survive, including the player\'92s loved ones. this is much closer to a commune where everyone works to improve the camp. there are 24-hour watches to protect the camp but the main defense of the camp is it\'92s hidden-ness, up a steep dry creek bed at the end of a small valley (really just between two hills) and with cliffs that make it difficult to climb those hills. this camp is built to be hidden and to forget the world for a little while until the zeds die out or order is somehow restored.\
	it\'92s farmers and maybe a few who were prepared for society\'92s collapse. No soldiers, just civilians, so what would they know about setting up a defendable camp?}